So we're almost done.
But the delete button isn't entirely working as expected.
It's updating the list but we're staying on the page of the deleted recipe so to change this we need
to go to the recipe detail component which again is where did the lead recipe button layups and and
on each recipe we simply need to navigate away.
We already get the router and check it here so we can simply call this router navigate.
And now I simply want to navigate to slash recipes here.
And with that we should have the right user experience that once does updates your dad.
If I clicked delete your it just deleted and we were taken back to the main view.
So let's try this a final time you're with spaghetti searching for a fitting image for spaghetti.
Let's pick this one here.
And let's enjoy it here.
And let's finally enter a description tasty spaghetti.
Let's have an ingredient to add some spaghetti 10 let's say and let's save the form.
And this all works.
But one thing is not working.
Do you see which the image we're not getting a preview of the image here.
So let's fix this in the next lecture before we finally move on.